Add documentation for API playground prefill feature (#1461)
mintlify/docs: api-playground/overview.mdx

        <ResponseField name="defaults" type="&quot;required&quot; | &quot;all&quot;">
        Whether to show optional parameters in API examples. Defaults to `all`.
    </ResponseField>
    <ResponseField name="prefill" type="boolean">

>         Whether to prefill the API playground with data from schema examples. When enabled, the playground will automatically populate request fields with example values from your OpenAPI specification. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Whether to prefill the API playground with data from schema examples. When enabled, the playground automatically populates request fields with example values from your OpenAPI specification. Defaults to `false`.
```

   },
   "examples": {
     "languages": ["curl", "python", "javascript"],
     "defaults": "required",
     "prefill": true
   }
 }
}
```

> This example configures the API playground to be interactive with example code snippets for cURL, Python, and JavaScript. Only required parameters are shown in the code snippets, and the playground prefills request fields with example values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example configures the API playground to be interactive with example code snippets for cURL, Python, and JavaScript. Only required parameters are shown in the code snippets, and the playground prefills the request body with example values.
```

> This example configures the API playground to be interactive with example code snippets for cURL, Python, and JavaScript. Only required parameters are shown in the code snippets, and the playground will automatically prefill request fields with example values from your OpenAPI specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures the API playground to be interactive with example code snippets for cURL, Python, and JavaScript. Only required parameters are shown in the code snippets, and the playground prefills request fields with example values.
```
